# Murder Mystery

Our group’s project is going to be a murder mystery, text adventure game. We aim to create a simple, yet engaging game that requires the user to put real thought into the clues we give them in order for them to discover who the murderer is, similar to a game of Clue. The game will feature 6-7 explorable rooms in which the user can inspect different items in order to gain clues about the murder. The game will also feature around 5 characters/suspects that the character can interact and talk to. After the user feels they have a good idea of who the murderer is (based on the 5 suspects they were able to talk to during the game), they will be able to guess who they believe did the crime, and will be prompted if they are correct or not. Some things we would like to include, that may be a challenge, are to have all the text in the console clear whenever the user walks into a new room, having interactive objects in the rooms (clues), a way for the room to ‘reset’ if the user inputs something incorrectly. As for the story progression goes, we wish to ‘guide’ the user to certain rooms by only unlocking the more important rooms/clues once earlier clues are discovered, which may prove to be a challenge also. We think that switch statements and functions could really simplify the code, so that is mainly the direction we are planning to go coding wise. We also plan to use vectors or arrays in order to track the users progress on which clues they have investigated and who they have talked to.